[Music]
come away with me so I don't get out of
here for a while anyway to go nuts so
much it's just the three that's just you
and me and Ella daddy old your dad for
mommy right hey not that old
[Music]
wait what listen quiet
hey I know it's fun but it's time to
sleep goodnight honey
Jesus you got enough switches this is
its wallet right to you what are you
doing
26 feet 21 this room is 5 feet longer on
the inside than it is on the outside yet
[Music]
you chose this play not me you sent me a
link I absolutely did not you said it to
me somebody wrote in my journal
do you like it here
No Deal Hey
[Music]
okay what is this place
it was a different house before that one
what sort of house the judge in the jury
all found some innocent but some people
didn't Selena Perry the house shows me
he must be guilty of something people
have always stayed in a tower some don't
leave
the right ones usually find the place or
maybe it's the other way around the
place finds them
you